docs: describe containerset retrystrategy and verify it works. Fixes: #11502 (#12809)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/container-set-template.md

Can you see the problem here? `a` only has small requests, but the container set will use the  total of all requests. So it's as if you're using all that GPU for 10h. This will be expensive.

Solution: do not use container set when you have lopsided requests.

> ## Container Set Retries

Reviewer: we should have something here stating this is available from v3.3
https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/commit/808c561f1c4a56668c32caa69be5b0441d372610

and give a little example would be good.

Author: OK，I add a example and version.Thanks!

Container Set Retry policies describes how to retry a container nodes in the container set if it fails.

Number of retries(default 0) and sleep duration between retries(default 0s, instant retry) can be set.

> The shell command should be normal otherwise it will not be retried.

Reviewer: I feel the more precise description is: the container won't retry if it's unable to locate the command. What do you think?

Can you see the problem here? `a` only has small requests, but the container set will use the  total of all requests. So it's as if you're using all that GPU for 10h. This will be expensive.

Solution: do not use container set when you have lopsided requests.

## Container Set Retries

> v3.3 and after

> Container Set Retry policies describes how to retry a container nodes in the container set if it fails.
> 
> Number of retries(default 0) and sleep duration between retries(default 0s, instant retry) can be set.
> 
> The container won't retry if it's unable to locate the command.
> 
> Here is an example of a Container Set Template with `retryStrategy`:

Reviewer 2: Ok I had to re-read things as the incorrect example (see below) changes quite a bit:

```suggestion
You can set a `retryStrategy` to apply to all containers of a container set.

This currently works differently from [retries](retries.md) for other template types.
You can only set the `duration` between each retry and the total number of `retries`.

See an example below:
```

More clearly explain the difference, but let the example do the talking.

Also I see you copied the comments from the spec here -- generally reference-level comments are more specific to low-level implementation details (like defaults), whereas user-facing docs are higher-level describing general usage.

```yaml
      containerSet:
        containers:
          - name: retry-containerset
            image: alpine:latest
            retryStrategy:
              limit: "3"
            command: [ sh, -c ]
            args: [ "echo intentional failure; exit 1" ]

> ```

Reviewer 2: Modifying this since the example was incorrect:

```suggestion
\```

!!! Note
    A container set will not be retried if a container's `command` cannot be located.
    As it will fail each time, the retry logic is short-circuited.
```
- should specify that the _entire_ container set is not retried if a _single_ container's `command` cannot be located. That should answer the question in the issue

> ```

Reviewer 2: Follow-up [comment](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12809#discussion_r1539771062) on style issues

Can you see the problem here? `a` only has small requests, but the container set will use the  total of all requests. So it's as if you're using all that GPU for 10h. This will be expensive.

Solution: do not use container set when you have lopsided requests.

## `retryStrategy` usage

> v3.3 and after

You can set a `retryStrategy` to apply to all containers of a container set.

This currently works differently from [retries](retries.md) for other template types.
You can only set the `duration` between each retry and the total number of `retries`.

See an example below:

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Workflow
metadata:
  name: containerset-with-retrystrategy
  annotations:
    workflows.argoproj.io/description: |
      This workflow creates a container set with a retryStrategy.
spec:
  entrypoint: containerset-retrystrategy-example
  templates:
    - name: containerset-retrystrategy-example
      containerSet:
        retryStrategy:
          retries: "10" # if fails, retry at most ten times
          duration: 30s # retry for at most 30s
        containers:

>           # this container completes successfully, it won't retried.

Author: Yes according to my test there is no new node here， just retry in emissary.  This may be what confuses a lot of people, hopefully this PR will explain it.

The c3 retry twice, and c1 c2 no retry.
```
time="2024-03-29T06:40:25 UTC" level=info msg="capturing logs" argo=true
intentional failure
time="2024-03-29T06:40:25 UTC" level=debug msg="ignore signal child exited" argo=true
time="2024-03-29T06:40:26 UTC" level=info msg="capturing logs" argo=true
time="2024-03-29T06:40:26 UTC" level=debug msg="ignore signal urgent I/O condition" argo=true
intentional failure
time="2024-03-29T06:40:26 UTC" level=debug msg="ignore signal child exited" argo=true
time="2024-03-29T06:40:26 UTC" level=debug msg="forwarding signal terminated" argo=true
time="2024-03-29T06:40:27 UTC" level=info msg="sub-process exited" argo=true error="<nil>"
time="2024-03-29T06:40:27 UTC" level=info msg="not saving outputs - not main container" argo=true
Error: exit status 1
```

>           # this container completes successfully, it won't retried.

Author: The UI is:
![image](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/assets/72060326/31242b51-12f7-4056-a64a-b6db2a455c66)

>           # this container completes successfully, it won't retried.

Reviewer 2: > The UI is:

Ohhh I got confused by the screenshots in the [issue](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues/11502) that have new nodes, but that's because they used a regular template-level `retryStrategy` in their first screenshot:

> 1. specifying a `retryStategy` with a `limit` of `2` at the template level (same level as `volumes`, `containerset`, `metadata`, etc.)

Thanks for clarifying this!

> Yes according to my test there is no new node here， just retry in emissary. 

It could be useful if Emissary could report the retried `node`s although that may technically require a new node type, since the `Container` itself does not get retried, the _process_ does.

> This may be what confuses a lot of people, hopefully this PR will explain it.

Yes, I think we should note this behavior explicitly in the docs. Let me think about how to best phrase that. Showing the logs as you did here may perhaps be the best way to visualize that (while also giving example logs for a user to check against)

>           # this container completes successfully, it won't retried.

Author: OK,Thanks!

>           # this container completes successfully, it won't retried.

Author: I add a note to describe the behavior, can you have a finnal check, thanks! @agilgur5

>           # this container completes successfully, it won't retried.

Reviewer 2: Follow-up (hopefully final) review [below](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12809#pullrequestreview-1970042774)

          - name: success
            image: python:alpine3.6
            command:
              - python
              - -c
            args:
              - |
                print("hi")
          # if fails, it will retry at most ten times.    
          - name: fail-retry
            image: python:alpine3.6
            command: ["python", -c]

>             args: ["import random; import sys; exit_code = random.choice([0, 1, 1]); sys.exit(exit_code)"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # fail with a 66% probability
            args: ["import random; import sys; exit_code = random.choice([0, 1, 1]); sys.exit(exit_code)"]
```

the [same comment](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/24f791b9f5d9c3d946670366e1c86d802ea48ce1/docs/retries.md?plain=1#L21) from the `retryStrategy` doc is helpful here too to summarize the one-liner

Can you see the problem here? `a` only has small requests, but the container set will use the  total of all requests. So it's as if you're using all that GPU for 10h. This will be expensive.

Solution: do not use container set when you have lopsided requests.

## `retryStrategy` usage

> v3.3 and after

You can set a `retryStrategy` to apply to all containers of a container set.

This currently works differently from [retries](retries.md) for other template types.
You can only set the `duration` between each retry and the total number of `retries`.

See an example below:

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Workflow
metadata:
  name: containerset-with-retrystrategy
  annotations:
    workflows.argoproj.io/description: |

>       This workflow template is used to create a workflow with containerset with retrystrategy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This workflow creates a container set with a retryStrategy.
```

- This isn't a `WorkflowTemplate`
- Also should use the same spelling as elsewhere in this doc for consistency:
  - "containerset" -> "container set"
  - "retrystrategy" -> "retryStrategy"

Although I'm not sure this annotation is needed at all, since this isn't a standalone example manifest, it's in the context of docs that already explain this.

Reviewer 2: I see you just copied your testdata manifest here, but they shouldn't necessarily be the same, as the purposes are different. One is for explanation / demonstration, the other is for testing.

spec:
  entrypoint: containerset-retrystrategy-example
  templates:
    - name: containerset-retrystrategy-example
      containerSet:

>         retryStrategy:
>           retries: "2"

Reviewer 2: this should include both `retries` and `duration` and have comments describing those two options:

```suggestion
        retryStrategy:
          retries: "2" # if fails, retry at most twice
          duration: 30s # retry for at most 30s
```

        containers:

>           - name: success

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          # this container completes successfully, but it will be retried as another container in the container set fails
          - name: success
```

similarly explain _why_ this will retry as well

Reviewer 2: apparently this doesn't retry? see follow-up discussion: https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12809#discussion_r1544134648

            image: python:alpine3.6
            command:
              - python
              - -c
            args:
              - |
                print("hi")

>           - name: fail-retry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          # this container will fail, causing the whole container set to get retried twice (both of which will also fail)
          - name: fail-retry
```
explain what this does

Reviewer 2: on second thought, intentional failure is maybe not a good example, as it will never show what a successful retry looks like. the `retryStrategy` docs actually do [a probabilistic failure](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/24f791b9f5d9c3d946670366e1c86d802ea48ce1/docs/retries.md?plain=1#L22) --  let's do the same here, `retries: 10` (same as the `limit` there) and the same code for the container

            image: alpine:latest
            command: [ sh, -c ]
            args: [ "echo intentional failure; exit 1" ]

>           - name: invalic-command
>             image: python:alpine3.6
>             command:
>               - invalid
>               - command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is the edge case (that has a note _below_ the example) and not expected behavior, so we actually shouldn't show that. We want to demonstrate the normal, expected usage.

```

> !!! NOTE
>     A container set will not be retried if a container's `command` cannot be located. As it will fail each time, the retry logic is short-circuited.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! Note
    A container set will not be retried if a container's `command` cannot be located.
    As it will fail each time, the retry logic is short-circuited.
```

same as my [previous comment](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12809/files#r1538681610)
- Use title case "Note" for consistency with other areas of the docs
- Prefer 1 sentence per line of markdown, per [style guide](https://argo-workflows.readthedocs.io/en/release-3.5/doc-changes/)

See an example below:

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Workflow
metadata:
  name: containerset-with-retrystrategy
  annotations:
    workflows.argoproj.io/description: |
      This workflow creates a container set with a retryStrategy.
spec:
  entrypoint: containerset-retrystrategy-example
  templates:
    - name: containerset-retrystrategy-example
      containerSet:
        retryStrategy:
          retries: "10" # if fails, retry at most ten times
          duration: 30s # retry for at most 30s
        containers:
          # this container completes successfully, so it won't be retried.
          - name: success
            image: python:alpine3.6
            command:
              - python
              - -c
            args:
              - |
                print("hi")
          # if fails, it will retry at most ten times.    
          - name: fail-retry
            image: python:alpine3.6
            command: ["python", -c]
            # fail with a 66% probability
            args: ["import random; import sys; exit_code = random.choice([0, 1, 1]); sys.exit(exit_code)"]
```

> !!! Note
>     A container set will not be retried if a container's `command` cannot be located.
>     As it will fail each time, the retry logic is short-circuited.
>     Since it is only a process-level retry, so won't create new node.
>     You can confirm whether a retry has been performed by checking the container's log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! Note Template-level `retryStrategy` vs Container Set `retryStrategy`
    `containerSet.retryStrategy` works differently from [template-level retries](retries.md):
    1. Your `command` will be re-ran by the Executor inside the same container if it fails.
        - As no new containers are created, the nodes in the UI remain the same, and the retried logs are appended to original container's logs. For example, your container logs may look like:
        ```
        time="2024-03-29T06:40:25 UTC" level=info msg="capturing logs" argo=true
        intentional failure
        time="2024-03-29T06:40:25 UTC" level=debug msg="ignore signal child exited" argo=true
        time="2024-03-29T06:40:26 UTC" level=info msg="capturing logs" argo=true
        time="2024-03-29T06:40:26 UTC" level=debug msg="ignore signal urgent I/O condition" argo=true
        intentional failure
        time="2024-03-29T06:40:26 UTC" level=debug msg="ignore signal child exited" argo=true
        time="2024-03-29T06:40:26 UTC" level=debug msg="forwarding signal terminated" argo=true
        time="2024-03-29T06:40:27 UTC" level=info msg="sub-process exited" argo=true error="<nil>"
        time="2024-03-29T06:40:27 UTC" level=info msg="not saving outputs - not main container" argo=true
        Error: exit status 1
        ```
    1. If a container's `command` cannot be located, it will not be retried.
        - As it will fail each time, the retry logic is short-circuited.
```

- add a title to the note as there's a common subject now between these
- move the "different from template-level retries" part into this note, including the link to `retries.md`
- be more specific about the "nodes" in the UI / `status` (many users don't know what "nodes" mean as it's part of the `status` rather than user-facing per se) as well as what happens with the logs
  - add an example of the logs for optimal clarity
